Add content to working mode page (#9)
w3c/did-wg: WorkMode/newbie.md

maintain this document.

* TOC
{:toc}

The Working Group’s home page is:
[https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/](https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/). Looking
at the left and right column of the page gives you lots of further
information. Especially, the group's *Work Mode* is described in the
[*WorkMode*](index) document and it includes information about how the WG
operates, including links to the WG's various resources.

## Meetings

The group holds a weekly teleconference; see
[the times and dial-in details](../Meetings/).

## GitHub

The group operates mostly on [GitHub](index#github): that is where the
specifications are developed, where issues are discussed. Even these pages
are in a GitHub repository (look at the bottom for the reference). It is
therefore important to familiarize yourself, at least at a basic level,
with this tool. (If you are new to GitHub, the
[*“Introduction to Basic GitHub Contribution”*](https://iherman.github.io/misc-notes/docs/BasicGitHubContributionIntro)
may be of help.)

Once you have your GitHub account name, **send this name to ivan@w3.org, or
to one of the chairs**, who will add you to the Working Group’s “GitHub

> team” (in GitHub‘s jargon). That would give you the possibility of being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
team” (in GitHub‘s jargon). That would enable you to be
```

asked personally to review or be assigned to issues, or to edit the wiki
pages.

You should also "link" your GitHub account to your W3C account; this can be
done by going to the
[relevant page](https://www.w3.org/users/myprofile/connectedaccounts) on
your account. Doing so ensures that the various W3C specific tools can
check your identity whether you use your W3C account or your GitHub
account. As an example, if you do a Pull Request on one of the
Recommendation track documents on GitHub, the system would know that you
are a Working Group member, which means that the possible IPR issues are
properly handled by virtue of your institution’s Working Group membership.

## IRC

Meetings usually use [IRC](index#irc) as a tool for queue control and
minute taking (and general chit-chat). **You should also send ivan@w3.org

> your preferred IRC nickname (or nicknames, if you use several of those).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your preferred IRC nickname(s).**
```

The goal is to improve the readability of the meeting minutes, so that
third parties can also understand whose comments and remarks are in the

> minutes. Actually, in case you are already a seasoned GitHub user: the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minutes. If you are already a seasoned GitHub user: the
```

> nicknames are stored (of course:-) in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IRC and GitHub nicknames are stored (of course :-) ) in a
```

[file on GitHub](https://github.com/w3c/did-wg/blob/master/assets/nicknames.json),
meaning that you can simply make a pull request adding your nickname(s)
instead of sending an e-mail.

## Specifications in Progress

A list of the group’s specifications, including the publication status of
each spec, can be found in the group’s
[*PubStatus*](https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/PublStatus) document.

## New WG Member Introductions

Although it isn’t required, **new WG members are encouraged to send a short
introductory e-mail to the WG's Public mail list**
([public-did-wg@w3.org](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-did-wg/))
or the group’s Member-only list
([member-did-wg@w3.org](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/member-did-wg/)).
The introduction should include your area(s) of interest.

New WG members may also be invited to introduce themselves during a 
teleconference meeting.

## Questions, Comments, Issues, etc.?

Please contact the group's Chairs and staff contacts (using the
[group-did-wg-chairs@w3.org](mailto:group-did-wg-chairs@w3.org) list) — *at

> any time* — if you have any questions, issues, concerns, etc. about the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any time* — if you have any questions, issues, concerns, etc., about the
```

Working Group.

## Resources

If you are unfamiliar with processes and roles within the Consortium; there
is an [introduction course](http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-archive/2014Apr/0026.html)

> available which takes little over an hour and a half to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available which typically takes about 90 minutes to complete.
```
